The Matheusd Private License (the “MDPL License”)
Copyright (c) 2025-present Matheus Degiovani


By copying, installing, compiling, or using the SOFTWARE, YOU agree to this
LICENSE.


I. Definitions

"SOFTWARE" refers to the MdCapNProto implementation, its source code,
accompanying documentation, and any object code or executables generated from
that source code, including statically or dynamically linked forms. For
clarity, "SOFTWARE" does not include unrelated third-party components merely
co-packaged or co-distributed with it.

"LICENSOR" refers to Matheus Degiovani.

"YOU" refers to the licensee of the SOFTWARE. 

"ENTITY" means the company, organization, or legal person on whose behalf YOU
access or use the SOFTWARE. If YOU are an individual using the SOFTWARE on
behalf of an ENTITY, YOU represent that you have authority to bind that ENTITY,
and "YOU" includes that ENTITY.

"LICENSE" refers to this document, the license agreement between YOU and the
LICENSOR.

"AFFILIATE" means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of more than 50%
of the voting interests or of beneficial ownership.

"PRODUCTION USE" means any use of the SOFTWARE (including as a
network-accessible service) that: (i) provides functionality to anyone other
than the project team developing or testing the SOFTWARE; (ii) supports or
operates any business process or system; (iii) is accessible by end users,
customers, or the public; (iv) processes live, customer, or business data (other
than de-identified test data created solely for evaluation); or (v) runs in any
environment designated or used for operational or live purposes (including
“pilot,” “beta,” “staging,” or “canary”) beyond time-limited evaluation.

"COMMERCIAL USE" means any use by or for the benefit of a for-profit ENTITY, or
in connection with any revenue-generating, fee-bearing, or operational activity
(including providing the SOFTWARE’s functionality to third parties as a
service).

"NON-PRODUCTION USE" means internal evaluation, education, and testing
exclusively within YOUR ENTITY, by YOUR project team, not made available to
customers, end users or the public, not used to process live or
business-critical data, and not used to operate or support any production
system or business operations.


II. LICENSE GRANT (Non-Production Use Only)

Subject to YOUR ongoing compliance with this LICENSE, LICENSOR grants YOU (and
YOUR AFFILIATES and contractors acting on YOUR behalf) a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to copy, install, compile, and modify
the SOFTWARE solely for NON-PRODUCTION USE. Any PRODUCTION USE or COMMERCIAL
USE requires a separate written agreement with LICENSOR expressly permitting
such use.

Except as expressly permitted in this LICENSE, YOU may not publish, distribute,
sublicense, or make the SOFTWARE or any derivative works available to any third
party.

YOU may share minimal textual diffs solely within bug reports submitted through
LICENSOR-designated channels. A "minimal textual diff" must not (i) include any
complete file from the SOFTWARE, (ii) include more than 25% of any file from
the SOFTWARE, or (iii) enable reconstruction of any substantial portion of the
SOFTWARE or a compilable unit. By submitting any contribution, YOU grant
LICENSOR a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use,
reproduce, modify, sublicense, and distribute that contribution, and YOU
represent that YOU have the necessary rights to grant this license.


III. Conditions and Termination

This LICENSE (including the grant in Section II) is conditioned on: (i)
retaining all copyright notices and this LICENSE in all copies of the SOFTWARE;
(ii) not removing, disabling, or circumventing any license key or usage
control; (iii) complying with applicable law and third-party licenses; and (iv)
not using LICENSOR’s names, logos, or trademarks without permission.

This LICENSE terminates automatically if YOU breach it and fail to
cure within 30 days after notice from LICENSOR (immediate termination for
unauthorized PRODUCTION USE or COMMERCIAL USE). Upon termination, YOU must
cease all use and destroy or permanently delete all copies of the SOFTWARE.
LICENSOR may seek injunctive relief and other remedies at law or in equity.


IV. Third-Party Components

Third-party components included in or used with the SOFTWARE are licensed under
their own applicable terms. YOU are responsible for complying with those terms.
Nothing in this LICENSE modifies those third-party licenses.


V. Disclaimers

A. Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law, LICENSOR’s aggregate liability arising
out of or related to this LICENSE shall not exceed $100.

B. No Patent or Trademark License

No rights to LICENSOR’s patents or trademarks are granted by this LICENSE.

C. Assignment 

YOU may not assign or transfer this LICENSE, by operation of law or otherwise,
without LICENSOR’s prior written consent; any attempted assignment is void.

D. Export Compliance

YOU must comply with all applicable export and sanctions laws.

E. Severability; No Waiver; Entire Agreement; Survival

If any provision is unenforceable, the remainder remains in effect. Failure to
enforce is not a waiver. This LICENSE is the entire agreement regarding the
SOFTWARE. Sections concerning restrictions, contributions, disclaimers,
limitations, and governing law survive termination.


VI. Warranty Disclaimer

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
